add details of NR editor network requirements.md (#2586)
FlowFuse/website: src/product/security.md

 - `mqtt.flowfuse.com`
 - `registry.npmjs.org` - to enable installing of Node-RED modules

> When running the Node-RED editor on a user's own netwotk, it will require access to the following domains to be fully operational:
> 
> - `app.flowfuse.com`
> - `catalogue.nodered.org`
>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running the Node-RED editor on a user's own network, it will require access to the following domains to be fully operational:

- `app.flowfuse.com`
- `mqtt.flowfuse.com`
- `*.flowfuse.cloud`
- `catalogue.nodered.org`
  
```
